1. Define each of the following terms:
a) Data
b) Field
c) Record
d) File

Answers
a. Data can be described as the raw facts in its most basic digital format such as 
   colours, names, numbers and so fourth that has not been organised in a logical 
   manner.

b. Can be described as a single character or a group of characters that have a specic
   meaning or can be devided into several parts. It is used to define and store data.

c. A record describes a set of one or more fields that is related to one another with
   the same structure that can describe something.

d. Can be described as a group of records stored in a orgnised, structured format.

2. What is a DBMS and what are its advantages?

Answers
a. When the database is managed and access is controlled the DBMS it makes it easier 
   to share data with a possible end user who could have a more efficient way of access
   to the data managed by the DBMS.

b. When the DMBS managed to data intergration to a variety of end users, it then provides
   a better perspective of the intergrated view of how the organisation operates to a
   end user.

c. Minimises data inconsistencies when different versions of the same data appear in different
   places. When the database is correctly designed then it reduces data inconsistencies.

d. Improves data access when a query is logged to check or update data that is sent to the DBMS.
   the DBMS makes it possible for quick responses when queries comes in.

e. Improves decision making when the DBMS is well managed data and its access.

f. Increases end user productivity when data is easily available, the end user can make quicker 
   informed decions.

3. Explain the difference between data and information.

Answers
a. Data is raw facts that has not been processed and has not yet revealed the datas meaning.
   Information is the processing of of raw data to create meaning of the data by organising it.

4. What is metadata?

Answers
a. Metadata refers to data about data. It gives data context and describes it. It organises
   data and helps bring understanding about the data. Metadata is the value that leads us 
   to the actual data.

5. Given the file below, answer the following questions:
   e) How many records does the file contain?
   f) How many fields are there per record?

Answers
e. The project manager file contains 4 records.

f. For each of the records there 5 fields namely: PROJECT_CODE, PROJECT_MANAGER, MANAGER_PHONE,
   MANAGER_ADDRESS, PROJECT_BID_PRICE.   
